One request can generate code.
Engineering needs a coordinated swarm.
HIVE — Hyper Intelligence for Verified Engineering — puts one Queen at the center.
Scout maps the repository.
Planner bounds the work.
Builders implement.
Validator tests.
Reviewer inspects risk.
Fixer repairs and revalidates.
In HIVE, TypeScript checking passes, while the latest test limitation remains disclosed.
Pledgr passes 165 tests across 21 files.
TraderBot passes 40 tests across four safety-gated modules, with live trading disabled by default.
Every claim links to a command, repository file, or captured interface.
Success is sourced.
Failures stay visible.
Limits are disclosed.
One Queen.
Specialized agents.
Evidence-backed engineering.
Plan.
Build.
Test.
Review.
Fix.
Revalidate.
Report.
Explore HIVE at github dot com slash yuzuruu twenty-nine slash the-hive-skill.